AR-EN Module 1 - Lesson 1 words: [('هذه', 341)] words so far 1 
 sentence: أعطتني آن هذه الهدية. to sentence: Ann gave me this present. 
sentence: أعطتني آن هذه الهدية. to sentence: I was given this present by Ann. 
sentence: أكيد، هذه هي. to sentence: Of course it's her. 
sentence: أهدتني آن هذه الهدية. to sentence: I was given this present by Ann. 
sentence: انزع هذه الصراصير عني. to sentence: Get these cockroaches off me. 
sentence: بكم هذه؟ to sentence: How much is it? 
sentence: حبّات التّين هذه طيّبة المذاق. to sentence: These fresh figs are savory. 
sentence: دعونا نضع هذه الكوكيز في الفرن. to sentence: Let's get these cookies in the oven. 
sentence: سيفوز زيري هذه المرة to sentence: Ziri will win this time. 
sentence: علي أن أقطع هذه الشجرة. to sentence: I have to fell this tree. 
sentence: عَمّي أعطاني هذه السّاعة. to sentence: My uncle gave me this watch. 
sentence: قابلني هذه الليلة to sentence: Meet me tonight. 
AR-EN Module 1 - Lesson 2 words: [('هوَ', 343)] words so far 2 
 AR-EN Module 1 - Lesson 3 words: [('هو', 343)] words so far 3 
 sentence: آكي هو كلبي. to sentence: Aki is my dog. 
sentence: أتساءل ما هو. to sentence: I wonder what it is. 
sentence: أخبرني ما هو الخطأ. to sentence: Tell me what's wrong. 
sentence: أرهم ما هو الإسلام. to sentence: Show them what Islam is. 
sentence: أفا، ما هو العشاء؟ to sentence: Ava, what's for dinner? 
sentence: أنا وهو أولاد عَم. to sentence: Him and me are cousins. 
sentence: أيدار هو مواطن كازاخي. to sentence: Aydar is a Kazakhstani citizen. 
sentence: أين هو؟ to sentence: Where is he? 
sentence: أين هو أب سامي؟ to sentence: Where is Sami's dad? 
sentence: أين هو زيري؟ to sentence: Where is Ziri? 
sentence: أين هو ضفدع زيري؟ to sentence: Where's Ziri's frog? 
sentence: أين هو مسجدك؟ to sentence: Where is your mosque? 
AR-EN Module 1 - Lesson 4 words: [('أو', 343)] words so far 4 
 sentence: IPA أو لاجر. to sentence: IPA or lager. 
sentence: أسود أو كريمي؟ to sentence: Black or cream? 
sentence: أسود أو مع كريم؟ to sentence: Black or with cream? 
sentence: أكون أو لا أكون؟ to sentence: To be or not to be? 
sentence: أو to sentence: or 
sentence: أو المانجو والأناناس to sentence: Or mango and pineapple. 
sentence: أو دايقويري. to sentence: Or a daiquiri. 
sentence: أو كوميديا؟ to sentence: Or comedy? 
sentence: أوه، واو. to sentence: Oh, wow. 
sentence: ثلاثة أو أربعة على الأقل. to sentence: Three or four, at least. 
sentence: جين أو فودكا؟ to sentence: Gin or vodka? 
sentence: جين و تونيك، أو الويسكي النقي. to sentence: Gin and tonic, or whiskey neat. 
AR-EN Module 1 - Lesson 5 words: [('كانَ', 345)] words so far 5 
 sentence: كانَ سامي يُشاهِدُ التِّلفاز. to sentence: Sami was watching TV. 
sentence: كانَ يَتَنَمَّرُ عَلَيهِ to sentence: He was bullying him. 
AR-EN Module 1 - Lesson 6 words: [('كان', 345)] words so far 6 
 sentence: أراهن أن هذا كان مضحكا أن نرى. to sentence: I bet that was funny to see. 
sentence: أين كان في ذهنك؟ to sentence: Where did you have in mind? 
sentence: أي واحد كان؟ to sentence: Which one was it? 
sentence: إنفصالي كان صعبًا. to sentence: My breakup is tough. 
sentence: توم كان رصيناً. to sentence: Tom was sober. 
sentence: ذلك كان أرنوباً شريراً. to sentence: That was an evil bunny. 
sentence: زيري كان يعرفني. to sentence: Ziri knew me. 
sentence: زيري كان يعطي. to sentence: Ziri was sneezing. 
sentence: زيري كان يفسر ذلك. to sentence: Ziri was explaining that. 
sentence: ساعد كان توم. to sentence: Ken helped Tom. 
sentence: سامي كان جزء من kkk to sentence: Sami was a part of the KKK. 
sentence: سامي كان على فيسبوك. to sentence: Sami was on Facebook. 
AR-EN Module 1 - Lesson 7 words: [('الذي', 346)] words so far 7 
 sentence: أخبرني ، ما الذي حدث؟ to sentence: Tell me what happened. 
sentence: أنا صديق روبرتس. to sentence: I am a friend of Robert's. 
sentence: أوليغ هو الذي خان ريمة. to sentence: Oleg was the man who betrayed Rima. 
sentence: الذي - التي to sentence: that 
sentence: الذي يلعب؟ to sentence: Who's playing? 
sentence: ما الذي حدث؟! to sentence: What the hell just happened? 
sentence: ما الذي حصل؟ to sentence: What happened? 
sentence: ما الذي في الملف؟ to sentence: What's in the file? 
sentence: ما الذي يحدث؟ to sentence: What is going on? 
sentence: ما الذي يحدث؟ to sentence: What is happening? 
sentence: ما الذي يحدث؟ to sentence: What's going on? 
sentence: ما الذي يحدث؟ to sentence: What's happening? 
AR-EN Module 1 - Lesson 8 words: [('الّذي', 346)] words so far 8 
 AR-EN Module 1 - Lesson 9 words: [('ذٰلك', 355)] words so far 9 
 sentence: أليس كذلك؟ to sentence: Isn't it so? 
sentence: أليس كذلك؟ to sentence: No? 
sentence: رمى يانّي بذلك التّين. to sentence: Yanni threw the figs away. 
sentence: زيري بحاجة لذلك. to sentence: Ziri needs that. 
sentence: سيفوز بيل، أليس كذلك؟ to sentence: Bill will win, won't he? 
sentence: صدقتموه، أليس كذلك؟ to sentence: You believe it, don't you? 
sentence: فلتكن كذلك ! to sentence: May it be so! 
sentence: كان زيري بحاجة لذلك. to sentence: Ziri needed that. 
sentence: كان زيري بحاجة لذلك. to sentence: Ziri needed this. 
sentence: لقد استمتعنا، أليس كذلك؟ to sentence: We had fun, didn't we? 
sentence: لقد اشتقت إلى توم، أليس كذلك؟ to sentence: You missed Tom, didn't you? 
sentence: لقد تصافحتما، أليس كذلك؟ to sentence: You shook hands, didn't you? 
AR-EN Module 2 - Lesson 10 words: [('ذلك', 355)] words so far 10 
 sentence: آمل أن يعجبك ذلك. to sentence: I hope you like it there. 
sentence: آمل ذلك. to sentence: Hope so. 
sentence: آمل ذلك. to sentence: I hope so. 
sentence: آمُلُ ذلك. to sentence: I do hope so. 
sentence: أتمنى ذلك! to sentence: I hope so! 
sentence: أحب ذلك! to sentence: I like that! 
sentence: أخذنا ذلك. to sentence: We took that. 
sentence: أخفنا ذلك الببر. to sentence: We scared the tiger off. 
sentence: أشكّ في صحة ذلك. to sentence: I don't think that's correct. 
sentence: أكثر من ذلك؟ to sentence: More than that? 
sentence: أنا أراهن على ذلك. to sentence: I bet it will. 
sentence: أوقف ذلك. to sentence: Stop that! 
AR-EN Module 2 - Lesson 11 words: [('بعد', 357)] words so far 11 
 sentence: أراك بعد الدّرس. to sentence: See you after class. 
sentence: أراك بعد عشر دقائق؟ to sentence: See you in ten minutes? 
sentence: أضف البيض بعد ذلك. to sentence: Add the eggs next. 
sentence: أين نذهب بعد ذلك؟ to sentence: Where are we going after? 
sentence: بعد to sentence: after 
sentence: بعد الآن to sentence: anymore 
sentence: بعد الانفصال؟ to sentence: After the breakup? 
sentence: بعد الظهر to sentence: afternoon 
sentence: توم يعمل عن بعد. to sentence: Tom works remotely. 
sentence: دعنا نذهب بعد العمل! to sentence: Let's go after work! 
sentence: روبيرت هو من سيموت بعد ذلك. to sentence: Robert will die next. 
sentence: لا ليس بعد! to sentence: No, not yet! 
AR-EN Module 2 - Lesson 12 words: [('اللَّهِ', 361)] words so far 12 
 AR-EN Module 2 - Lesson 13 words: [('الله', 361)] words so far 13 
 sentence: إلياس نبي من عند الله. to sentence: Elijah is a prophet of God. 
sentence: احمد الله! to sentence: Praise God! 
sentence: احمد الله. to sentence: Praise God. 
sentence: احمد الله. to sentence: Praise to God. 
sentence: الله أبدي. to sentence: God is ever-living. 
sentence: الله فيل. to sentence: God is an elephant. 
sentence: بارك الله فيك. to sentence: Bless you! 
sentence: بسم الله الرحمن الرحيم. to sentence: In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful. 
sentence: بسم الله الرحمن الرحيم. to sentence: In the name of God, the Gracious, the Merciful. 
sentence: بسم الله الرحمن الرحيم. to sentence: In the name of God, The most Gracious, The most Merciful. 
sentence: تكلم مع الله. to sentence: Talk to God. 
sentence: سيهديك الله to sentence: God will guide you. 
AR-EN Module 2 - Lesson 14 words: [('لمَ', 361)] words so far 14 
 sentence: لمَ؟ to sentence: Why? 
sentence: لمَ اتّهم إبني؟ to sentence: Why did he accuse my son? 
sentence: لمَ اتّهم ييدير ابني؟ to sentence: Why did Yidir accuse my son? 
AR-EN Module 2 - Lesson 15 words: [('اللٰه', 361)] words so far 15 
 sentence: الْحَمْدُ لله ! to sentence: Praise be to Allah! 
sentence: الْحَمْدُ لله ! to sentence: Praise the Lord! 
sentence: بارك لله في زيري. to sentence: God bless Ziri. 
AR-EN Module 2 - Lesson 16 words: [('لِمَ', 361)] words so far 16 
 sentence: لِمَ أُتْعِبُ نفسي. to sentence: Why do I even care? 
sentence: نتساءل لِمَ. to sentence: We wonder why. 
